Docs: Update Get Started page (#13917)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/get_started.md

     <a href="https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks/HEAD?filepath=notebooks%2F201-vision-monodepth%2F201-vision-monodepth.ipynb" >Quick Start Example</a>
     <a href="openvino_docs_install_guides_overview.html" >Install OpenVINO</a>
     <a href="#learn-openvino" >Learn OpenVINO</a>
   </p>
   <div style="clear:both;"> </div> 
   
@endsphinxdirective

## <a name="quick-start-example"></a>1. Quick Start Example (No Installation Required)

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/15709723/127752390-f6aa371f-31b5-4846-84b9-18dd4f662406.gif">

Try out OpenVINO's capabilities with this quick start example that estimates depth in a scene using an OpenVINO monodepth model. <a href="https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks/HEAD?filepath=notebooks%2F201-vision-monodepth%2F201-vision-monodepth.ipynb">Run the example in a Jupyter Notebook inside your web browser</a> to quickly see how to load a model, prepare an image, inference the image, and display the result.

   
## <a name="install-openvino"></a>2. Install OpenVINO
   

> See the [Install OpenVINO Overview page](./install_guides/installing-openvino-overview.md) for options to install OpenVINO and set up a development environment on your device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [installation overview page](./install_guides/installing-openvino-overview.md) for options to install OpenVINO and set up a development environment on your device.
```

> Visit the [Install OpenVINO Overview page](./install_guides/installing-openvino-overview.md) to view options for installing OpenVINO and setting up a development environment on your device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Installation Overview page](./install_guides/installing-openvino-overview.md) for options of installing OpenVINO and setting up a development environment on your device.
```

Author: How about this? Feel free to push back if you don't like it 🙂

"See the Installation Overview page for options to install OpenVINO and set up a development environment on your device."

> Visit the <a href="openvino_docs_install_guides_overview.html">Install OpenVINO Overview page</a> to view options for installing OpenVINO and setting up a development environment on your device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit the [Install OpenVINO Overview page](./install_guides/installing-openvino-overview.md) to view options for installing OpenVINO and setting up a development environment on your device.
```

   
## <a name="get-started-tutorials"></a>3. Learn OpenVINO
   

> OpenVINO provides a wide array of examples and documentation showing how to work with models, run inference, and deploy applications. Step through the sections below to learn the basics of OpenVINO and explore its advanced optimization features. Visit [OpenVINO documentation](./documentation.md) for further details on how to use its features and tools.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
OpenVINO provides a wide array of examples and documentation showing how to work with models, run inference, and deploy applications. Step through the sections below to learn the basics of OpenVINO and explore its advanced optimization features. For further details, visit [OpenVINO documentation](./documentation.md).
```

> OpenVINO provides a wide array of examples and documentation showing how to work with models, run inference, and deploy applications. Step through the sections below to learn the basics of OpenVINO and explore its advanced optimization features. Visit [OpenVINO’s documentation](./documentation.md) for further details on how to use its features and tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenVINO provides a wide array of examples and documentation showing how to work with models, run inference, and deploy applications. Step through the sections below to learn the basics of OpenVINO and explore its advanced optimization features. Visit [OpenVINO documentation](./documentation.md) for further details on how to use its features and tools.
```

> OpenVINO provides a wide array of examples and documentation showing how to work with models, run inference, and deploy applications. Step through the sections below to learn the basics of OpenVINO and explore its advanced optimization features. Visit <a href="documentation.html">OpenVINO’s documentation</a> for further details on how to use its features and tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenVINO provides a wide array of examples and documentation showing how to work with models, run inference, and deploy applications. Step through the sections below to learn the basics of OpenVINO and explore its advanced optimization features. Visit [OpenVINO’s documentation](./documentation.md) for further details on how to use its features and tools.
```

> OpenVINO users of all experience levels can try [Intel Dev Cloud](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/developer/tools/devcloud/edge/overview.html), a free web-based service for developing, testing, and running OpenVINO applications for free on an online cluster of the latest Intel hardware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenVINO users of all experience levels can try [Intel® DevCloud](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/developer/tools/devcloud/edge/overview.html), a free web-based service for developing, testing, and running OpenVINO applications on an online cluster of the latest Intel® hardware.
```

> OpenVINO users of all experience levels can try <a href="https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/developer/tools/devcloud/edge/overview.html">Intel Dev Cloud</a>, a free web-based service for developing, testing, and running OpenVINO applications for free on an online cluster of the latest Intel hardware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenVINO users of all experience levels can try [Intel Dev Cloud](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/developer/tools/devcloud/edge/overview.html), a free web-based service for developing, testing, and running OpenVINO applications for free on an online cluster of the latest Intel hardware.
```

### <a name="openvino-basics"></a>OpenVINO Basics
Learn the basics of working with models and inference in OpenVINO. Begin with “Hello World” Interactive Tutorials that show how to prepare models, run inference, and retrieve results using the OpenVINO API. Then, explore other examples from the Open Model Zoo and OpenVINO Code Samples that can be adapted for your own application.
   

> #### <a href="tutorials.html"><ins>Interactive Tutorials - Jupyter Notebooks</ins></a>

Author: I want each header underneath the OpenVINO Basics section to a link. Here's the page each header should link to:

- "Interactive Tutorials - Jupyter Notebooks"   should link to the [Tutorials home page](https://docs.openvino.ai/latest/tutorials.html)
- "OpenVINO Code Samples"  should link to the [Samples page](https://docs.openvino.ai/latest/openvino_docs_OV_UG_Samples_Overview.html)
- "Integrate OpenVINO With Your Application"   should link to the [Integrate OpenVINO With Your Application](https://docs.openvino.ai/latest/openvino_docs_OV_UG_Integrate_OV_with_your_application.html) page

I would like each link to be bold and underlined as shown in the image below, because it fits well with the style of the rest of the page. 

@kblaszczak-intel how should I implement the links to accomplish this?

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26154245/203152475-1f605321-e231-4143-ae95-74d92c81f4bf.png)

> #### <a href="tutorials.html"><ins>Interactive Tutorials - Jupyter Notebooks</ins></a>

Author: I went ahead and removed the links from the headings and moved them into the sentences below each heading.

Start with interactive Python tutorials that show the basics of model inferencing, the OpenVINO API, how to convert models to OpenVINO format, and more.
* <a href="001-hello-world-with-output.html">Hello Image Classification</a> - Load an image classification model in OpenVINO and use it to apply a label to an image
* <a href="002-openvino-api-with-output.html">OpenVINO Runtime API Tutorial</a> - Learn the basic Python API for working with models in OpenVINO
* <a href="101-tensorflow-to-openvino-with-output.html">Convert TensorFlow Models to OpenVINO</a>
* <a href="102-pytorch-onnx-to-openvino-with-output.html">Convert PyTorch Models to OpenVINO</a>

#### <a href="openvino_docs_OV_UG_Samples_Overview.html"><ins>OpenVINO Code Samples</ins></a>

> View sample code for various C++ and Python applications that can be used as a starting point for your own application. For C++ developers, step through the <a href="openvino_docs_get_started_get_started_demos.html">Basic OpenVINO Workflow</a> to learn how to build and run an image classification program that uses OpenVINO’s C++ API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View sample code for various C++ and Python applications that can be used as a starting point for your own application. For C++ developers, step through the [Basic OpenVINO Workflow](./get_started/get_started_demos.md) to learn how to build and run an image classification program that uses OpenVINO’s C++ API.
```

Learn how to use the OpenVINO API to implement an inference pipeline in your application.

### <a name="openvino-advanced-features"></a>OpenVINO Advanced Features
OpenVINO provides features to improve your model’s performance, optimize your runtime, maximize your application’s throughput on target hardware, and much more. Visit the links below to learn more about these features and how to use them.

#### Model Compression and Quantization
Use OpenVINO’s model compression tools to reduce your model’s latency and memory footprint while maintaining good accuracy.
* Tutorial - <a href="111-detection-quantization-with-output.html">OpenVINO Post-Training Model Quantization</a>
* Tutorial - <a href="305-tensorflow-quantization-aware-training-with-output.html">Quantization-Aware Training in TensorFlow with OpenVINO NNCF</a>
* Tutorial - <a href="302-pytorch-quantization-aware-training-with-output.html">Quantization-Aware Training in PyTorch with NNCF</a>
* <a href="openvino_docs_model_optimization_guide.html">Model Optimization Guide</a>

#### Automated Device Configuration

> OpenVINO’s hardware device configuration features enable you to write an application once and deploy it anywhere with optimal performance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
OpenVINO’s hardware device configuration options enable you to write an application once and deploy it anywhere with optimal performance.
```

> * Increase application portability with <a href="openvino_docs_OV_UG_supported_plugins_AUTO.html">Automatic Device Selection (AUTO)</a>

Reviewer: If this is written in md, I suppose the references should be in md format (except for notebooks because notebooks are in another repo). Should we change the links to other pages to md format? @kblaszczak-intel

Reviewer: @EdjeElectronics could you help change the reference links to Markdown format?

Author: Okay, I can do that! I'll go through and change the rest of them. Once I'm done, please look through the new reference links to make sure I implemented them correctly.

Reviewer 2: Yes, referring to source files is much better. We can use the typical markdown notation but also the (@ref article_label) style, which is a bit safer because does not rely on the file path (it is more reliable for content from different sources, like notebooks.
